So you are the new consort the emperor has appointed.
You do seem somewhat self-centered.
I’ve met the Empress before.
You know me?
Just kidding. Even if we were enemies in a past life,
this life’s love story between you and the dog emperor
is just gossip for the common people.
How could I not know?
Naturally.
The love story between Consort and the Emperor is widely known
and talked about everywhere.
Who doesn’t know about it?
You spoke quite well at the time.
But,
why haven’t you shown any respect upon meeting me?
This is problematic.
I forgot I’m now of lower rank,
after being on equal footing with him for too long.
It’s my first time in the palace.
I’m still not quite familiar with the palace rules.
Why don’t I give you a proper lesson?
How about that?
So accommodating,
unlike his usual demeanor.
Considering we will be sisters in the future,
I won’t make things difficult for you.
How about this: three kneelings and nine kowtows
before my feet,
and I’ll forgive your rudeness.
I knew it.
From now on,
I will never lift my head high in the harem.
This woman will definitely take advantage of this.
She’ll impose even harsher penalties.
It seems Consort Rong is not very willing.
Fuluo Ruofeng,
go help her.
Let go of me!
Let me go!
What sin have I committed?
Not only am I being used as a scapegoat,
but I’m also being subjected to humiliation.
Why don’t those despicable people just die?
Stop this!
Ah!
You really have some nerve!